hello here is one for giger me
I'm currently in Frankfurt on the samsung
Event in the gallery quite nice
this is the samsung galaxy s3
mini presented the specs were to
Yesterday I loved already
finally the possibility with that
also looks at itself directly
my first impression it is probably quite
I have to say nice phone
do not think so now I have to completely
honestly I'm a bit
pity that samsung from a flagship
now to the person smaller litter
as such, the team has done so
but definitely for the time being
interesting just for people like that
look for the device in the middle segment
It's definitely not a high-end device like that
that is now the samsung galaxy s3
but here everything is so a bit
more knowledge slimmed down so the specs
are not quite as good as they are now
of galaxy s3 knows here is a 1
gigahertz dualcore processor in it
I do not really want that either
whole sex is again enumerate because
they are all in the article
in it
In any case, this is just the white one
version that I just to hand the
There are also whole in pebble blue
that's just like the galaxy s3 too
otherwise in the same color issues
design here
Of course, the whole looks very similar
as well as stupid if not because
then you could call yourself that
otherwise yes you just like them anymore
can expect from the device up here
headphone jack down here is the usb
entrance
if I might make the sharp
who could be wonderful here on the
side a rocker switch for the
volume on the other side of the
power button and yes something to the devices
It can be pretty straightforward to say it
is just a lot of plastic again
but I did know about it yesterday
of course, that's how it is
The device is in use every day and
if you pull the knife pocket and
subfield is also nice somehow
if that does not break right and
is broken because of that is high quality
Plastic here makes sense in any case
which I personally like pretty much
on the device is direct from home
android 4.1 installed i try it
Unfortunately, everything is included in the menu here
a little out of focus here so 4.1.1 not
wrote everything is just 412
come out of google but so much
more current than this is really
Not
I have to say I like it personally
the white version of the device
a little bit better just looks
a little more noble from this blue plastic
has a little bit that works
just a little bit
first of all, the white must have nothing
rather, fingerprints and thats me
it just does not look quite that way
high quality as just the white
version
otherwise hardware button down here i
I'm not such a big friend anymore
ours I use the galaxy nexus
but will probably be the one or the other
others are happy anyway
which of course also good on the device
Is that easy with one
Hand can serve something at the four inches
display is so this only three times
Hand had that then an 8 inches
display has that will partly still
a bit awkward with a
hand to use is absolutely no
So problem for people with something
Smaller hands recommended
as far as I know is the non-binding
Price is currently 399 euros
then quite a lot of money but like that
most of the equipment is the case
will be the after a short time then too
much less cost otherwise here
from the side that is a bit
thicker than the original three
I think just under 10 mm thick and
a difference is definitely
behind the design what out of place
technical reasons little different
here is the lightning and
down and the speaker on the
otherwise, in any case, the
Semite gets you in the shop
should look if you are looking
after the new year upper middle class
device and I 'm still looking at it
a little bit the invite here
I've never been here before
flagship store in frankfurt maybe
you can take pictures with the girls themselves
also engine and wish you one more
the evening until soon